Log config index (#4648)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/logs_indexes/update_indexes_order.md

---
title: Update Indexes order
type: apicontent
order: 23.5
external_redirect: /api/#update-indexes-order
---

## Update Indexes Order

> This endpoint updates the `IndexOrder` of your organisation. It returns the `IndexOrder` object passed in the request body when the request is sucessful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint updates the `IndexOrder` of your organization. It returns the `IndexOrder` object passed in the request body when the request is successful.
```

---
title: Update Indexes order
type: apicontent
order: 23.5
external_redirect: /api/#update-indexes-order
---

## Update Indexes Order

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> This endpoint is in public beta. Shall you have any feedback <a href="/help">Contact Datadog support</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint is in public beta. If you have any feedback, <a href="/help">contact Datadog support</a>.
```
